{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8720\viewh8520\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Permanent Eraser 2.1.1\

\f1\b0\fs18 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
\

\f2\b\fs24 About
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Mac OS 10.3 natively provides support for the permanent deletion of files with the Secure Empty Trash feature, but for those who have earlier versions of Mac OS X, Permanent Eraser is the answer to ensure that your files have been securely removed. \
\
When you delete your files in Mac OS X, the operating system is only forgetting where those particular files are placed, while the data still physically remains on the hard drive.  Permanent Eraser uses the same utility (srm) as Mac OS 10.3 when destroying your data.  This program writes over your old files up to thirty-five times so the information is securely removed and can no longer be read through traditional means. \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\f2\b Installation
\f1\b0 \
Permanent Eraser can be run anywhere on your computer.  However, for consistency's sake, just move the Permanent Eraser icon to your Applications folder.\
\

\f2\b Usage
\f1\b0 \
Double-click the Permanent Eraser icon.  It will launch and begin deleting files from your Trash.  A window will appear, showing the progress of the file deletions.  The files are not recoverable once Permanent Eraser has erased them.\
\
An alternate way to erase your files is to drag them onto the Permanent Eraser icon.  \
\
Keep in mind that erasing an alias will erase the original file, and not the alias itself, unless the alias is in the Trash.\
\

\f2\b System Requirements
\f1\b0 \
Operating System: Mac OS 10.1 or higher\
RAM: 6 MB\
Disk space: 1 MB\
\

\f2\b License Agreement
\f1\b0 \
By using this product, you are agreeing to the terms set by this license.   You may install Permanent Eraser on as many machines as you wish.  Permanent Eraser is made available AS-IS.  No member or the company of Edenwaith is responsible for any damage or misuse of this or any other Edenwaith product.  The source code and project have been made available to the public for educational purposes.  The Permanent Eraser binary and source are not to be redistributed without consent by Edenwaith.\
\
Considering the data-erasing nature of Permanent Eraser, it is advised that you regularly make back up copies of your important information.  By running Permanent Eraser, you are using it at your own risk.  In the unforeseen occurrence that Permanent Eraser erases data which was not meant to be erased, it is best to preserve your files with data archives.\
\
Portions of Permanent Eraser use the srm utility, which is provided by the following license:\
\
Copyright \'a9 2000 Matthew D. Gauthier\
   \
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\
   \
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\
   \
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\
   \
Except as contained in this notice, the name of the contributors shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization.
\f2\b \

\f1\b0 \

\f2\b Cost
\f1\b0 \
$0.  \'db0.  \'a30.  \'b40.  You won't even have to open up your wallet, because Permanent Eraser is like all software released by Edenwaith up to this point - free.\
\

\f2\b Known Issues
\f1\b0 \
1) The Trash icon in the Dock will not refresh itself until clicked on with Mac OS 10.1.\
2) An alias can only be deleted if it is in the Trash.  Otherwise, trying to delete an alias will delete the original file instead.\
3) Non-administrators may be limited to which files they can delete.\
\

\f2\b Version History\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \ul Version 2.1.1 - Released 28 April 2005\ulnone \
\pard\tqr\tx73\tx220\li220\fi-220\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5 Just before quitting, Permanent Eraser will play the entire closing sound, instead of being cut off early.\
\'a5 If the sound file exists on the system, the Empty Trash sound is used (found on Mac OS 10.2 and later).\
\'a5 The progress indicator completely fills the entire bar when done erasing.\
\'a5 A spinning progress bar is shown at the beginning to alert the user that Permanent Eraser is working, instead of showing an empty progress bar.\ul \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul \
Version 2.1.0 - Released 24. November 2004\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5 Files are deleted from Trashes on all available volumes.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul Version 2.0.0 - Released 21. April 2004\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5 Increased security when deleting files by implementing the Gutmann Method.\
\'a5 Cancel running processes.\
\'a5 Drop files on the application icon to erase them.\
\'a5 Improved progress tracking.\
\'a5 New application icon.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul \
Version 1.0.0 - Released 30. October 2003\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5 Original version released.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\f2\b Websites
\f1\b0 \
Edenwaith: http://www.edenwaith.com\
Permanent Eraser: http://www.edenwaith.com/products/permanent eraser/\
Feedback: http://www.edenwaith.com/support/feedback.php\
Contact: support@edenwaith.com\
\

\fs18 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\fs24 \
\pard\tx0\tx1120\tx2240\tx3360\tx4480\tx5600\tx6720\tx7840\tx8960\tx10080\tx11200\tx12320\tx13440\tx14560\tx15680\tx16800\tx17920\tx19040\tx20160\tx21280\tx22400\tx23520\tx24640\tx25760\tx26880\tx28000\tx29120\tx30240\tx31360\tx32480\tx33600\tx34720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a9 2005 Edenwaith }